splunk rename headers fix (#17838)
demisto/content: Packs/SplunkPyPreRelease/ReleaseNotes/1_0_7.md

#### Integrations
##### SplunkPy Prerelease (Beta)

> - fixed an issue where renamed fields are not visible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- fixed an issue in the ***splunk-search*** command where renamed fields were not visible.
```
